what if an app could tell you how long
before you die our phones have become
essential apps keep track of our
schedules our Fitness our love lives but
what if an app could tell you how long I
got 63 years 57 years before you died
would you want to know this app it's
fake obviously my girlfriend said the
same thing I knew that app said she was
gonna die whatever is happening to us I
think it's because this thing even your
phone and your phone new number your
service anything else I can help you
with No
[Music]
[Applause]
the countdown app it's really just a
random number with a clock it's not that
scary
but it seems like it worked on YouTube
clowns this must be everyone that
downloaded the app she downloaded it all
we need to do is beat the clock by one
second you ever done anything like this
before no but I've read about it all
Lots this is a fate much worse and death
will pursue you come with me
it won't overwhelm you until you are
utterly destroyed your are you calling
my name
[Music]
you